Docs: Add basic application tutorial (#1515)
litestar-org/litestar: docs/tutorials/todo-app/0-application-basics.rst

Application basics
==================

First steps
------------

Before we start building our TODO application, let us start with the basics.

Install Litestar
++++++++++++++++

To install Litestar, run ``pip install litestar[standard]``. This will install Litestar
as well as `uvicorn <https://www.uvicorn.org/>`_ -  a web server to serve your application.
.. note:: You can use any ASGI-capable web server, but this tutorial will use - and Litestar recommends - Uvicorn.

Hello, world!
+++++++++++++

The most basic application you can implement - and a classic one at that - is of course one that prints ``"Hello, world!"``:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/todo_app/hello_world.py
    :language: python
    :caption: app.py

Now save the contents of this example in a file called ``app.py`` and type
``litestar run`` in your terminal. This will serve the application locally on your
machine. Now visit http://127.0.0.1:8000/ in your browser:

.. image:: images/hello_world.png

Now that we have a working application, let us examine how we got here in a bit more detail.

Route handlers
---------------

> Route handlers are what tells your Litestar application to do when it gets a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Route handlers tell your Litestar application what to do when it gets a request.
```

you would like to send the return value as-is.

.. note::
    While type annotations by default don't have any influence on runtime behaviour,
    Litestar uses them for many things, for example to validate incoming request data.

    If you are using a static type checker such as
    `mypy <https://mypy.readthedocs.io/en/stable/>`_ or
    `pyright <https://microsoft.github.io/pyright/#/>`_ this has the added benefit of
    making your applications easy to check and more type safe.

Applications
------------

After a route handler has been defined, it needs to be registered with an application
in order to start serving requests. The application is an instance of the
:class:`Litestar <litestar.app.Litestar>` class. This is the entry point for everything,
and can be used to register previously defined route handlers by passing a list of them
as the first argument:

.. literalinclude:: /examples/todo_app/hello_world.py
    :language: python
    :emphasize-lines: 9
    :linenos:

.. seealso::
    :doc:`/usage/the-litestar-app`

Running the application
-----------------------

The last step is to actually run the application. Litestar does not include its own HTTP

> server though but instead makes use of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server, but instead makes use of the
```
